README.md, before:

#  Project Felpudo`s Race -Programação Para Jogos-
<img width="1298" height="689" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c1d5adf6-506a-4ec8-8887-5ce040594b66" />

## Overview
This project aims to demonstrate the utilities of the Paralax Sistem  in Unity 2022, this sistem can be essential for the feeling of depth and polish in a game, proving to be an essencial asset in a Game Developer`s toolkit.

## What is the Paralax Sistem?
A paralax system is a visual technique used in 2D games which utilizes Scripts and clever asset positioning to create a sense of depth and motion in a game

## Implementation in Project
In this project the Unity Paralax System was implemented in 2 main ways:

### Infinite Scrolling
- Creating the feel of a never ending scenery.
  
### Paralax
- Giving depth to the scenery and making it feel less stiff. 

## Game Scene Script
.

## References
- [Paralax Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AoRBZh6HvIk)
- [Guia lab10 Felpudo Race](https://github.com/muriloboratto/assets-lab10-unity)

## Links
[Projeto no Play Unity](https://play.unity.com/en/games/97c5e4e5-0ee8-4ce3-a926-a34d7fbbc24c/webgl-builds)
[Gameplay Video]()

## Colaborators
[Samuel Figueredo](https://github.com/DjTarma)

## Advisor

[Murilo Boratto](https://github.com/muriloboratto)

Commit message:

Enhance game scene script with narrative details
Updated the game scene script to include a narrative about Felpudo's journey to rescue Fofura.

README.md, after:

#  Project Felpudo`s Race -Programação Para Jogos-
<img width="1298" height="689" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c1d5adf6-506a-4ec8-8887-5ce040594b66" />

## Overview
This project aims to demonstrate the utilities of the Paralax Sistem  in Unity 2022, this sistem can be essential for the feeling of depth and polish in a game, proving to be an essencial asset in a Game Developer`s toolkit.

## What is the Paralax Sistem?
A paralax system is a visual technique used in 2D games which utilizes Scripts and clever asset positioning to create a sense of depth and motion in a game

## Implementation in Project
In this project the Unity Paralax System was implemented in 2 main ways:

### Infinite Scrolling
- Creating the feel of a never ending scenery.
  
### Paralax
- Giving depth to the scenery and making it feel less stiff. 

## Game Scene Script
Under the blazing sun of the endless savanna, Felpudo and Fofura lived peacefully, until the day the cunning sorcerer Uruca emerged out of nowhere, snatching Fofura away and vanishing toward the distant iron towers of the big city. With his heart blazing, Felpudo left behind the gentle songs of the savanna and journeyed to the land of roaring machines and shimmering glass. There, he climbed into a misterious metal carriage, its wheels sparking with some sort of oil, and set off through the labyrinth of streets and shadows to bring Fofura back, no matter what enemies or danger stood in his way.

## References
- [Paralax Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AoRBZh6HvIk)
- [Guia lab10 Felpudo Race](https://github.com/muriloboratto/assets-lab10-unity)

## Links
[Projeto no Play Unity](https://play.unity.com/en/games/97c5e4e5-0ee8-4ce3-a926-a34d7fbbc24c/webgl-builds)
[Gameplay Video]()

## Colaborators
[Samuel Figueredo](https://github.com/DjTarma)

## Advisor

[Murilo Boratto](https://github.com/muriloboratto)
